hi guys how are you today today's recipe
is really really delicious it's a
version of tabbouleh using roasted
bulgur and tons and tons of one of my
very favorite herbs parsley I can't wait
to share it with you the first thing
that you need to do though is roast
three pints of cherry tomatoes these
aren't actually cherry tomatoes they're
grape tomatoes that's okay to just slice
them in half look at all those Tomatoes
doesn't that look good
spread the tomatoes out on a rimmed
baking sheet they're gonna fill a hole
rimmed baking sheet and then drizzle
with about five teaspoons of oil give or
take you know me I'll probably go a
little bit more heavy-handed but you can
use five teaspoons I love olive oil and
I think it's really good for you and
this is a Mediterranean recipe so it
should have plenty of oil sprinkle with
salt and just give it a shake or toss it
up and then the other thing that makes
this recipe really special besides the
roasted tomatoes is roasted bulgur so I
have one cup of bulgur and I'm putting
that on a smaller baking sheet the
tomatoes and the bulgur both go into a
450 degree oven tomatoes for 30 minutes
bulgur for about 15 normally use just a
plain bulgur that's simmered in water
today we're gonna roast it so that it
gets a really nice depth of toasty
flavor while that stuff starts roasting
I'm gonna get my onion ready I have one
medium red onion I'm just gonna slice it
and then halfway through the tomato
roasting I'm going to add this onion I
like to remove the core for this so that
they fall apart into little slices so
slice your red onion into very thin
slices it's gonna roast with the
tomatoes for about fifteen minutes in
the oven I love this recipe because it
takes sort of a classic light salad and
gives it a lot of depth of flavor by
roasting all the ingredients except the
parsley parsley does not get roasted and
here we have my favorite ingredient what
makes a tabbouleh a tabbouleh the
parsley I have two pretty big bunches of
flat leaf parsley well washed well dried
I beg of you
if ever there's a time to wash and
really well dry your parsley it's when
you're making tabbouleh if you don't and
it's soggy
you'll be
so so sad and you'll say Sara implored
me implored me to wash and dry my
parsley really well and they didn't do
it now I understand why it's because I
love you I'm just telling you once you
have your big huge pile of parsley then
you want to coarsely chop it's this pile
is so big I don't even know if I'm gonna
be able to chop it I'm chopping and
chopping and chopping the pile is
definitely getting smaller if you have a
food processor and you want to do this
in your food processor that's totally
cool just don't over process it you're
not looking for a pesto texture here you
want a coarse chop okay that looks good
I'm gonna add the onions to the tomatoes
now and get the bulgur out of the oven
bulgur out and then to the tomatoes add
the onion add your onion to the tomatoes
stir it around and then back in the oven
for about 15 minutes tomatoes and the
onions go back in for about 15 more
minutes and while that's finishing
cooking you can cook your bulgur it's
been roasted for flavor and now it needs
to simmer in two cups of water for about
15 minutes to hydrate my tomatoes and
onions are out of the oven
once the bulgur has cooked for 15
minutes just let it cool off a little
bit and I've combined that with one can
of drained chickpeas just a little bit
of extra protein now it's just time to
combine everything take your tomatoes
onions combine it with your chickpeas
and bulgur this is a really really
hearty tabbouleh almost I would venture
to say a main course to bully so add
your tomatoes and onions to the
chickpeas and bulgur and then all your
parsley probably like a cup and a half
of parsley
you know that's making me happy is it
gonna make you happy so and then a
tablespoon of olive oil give or take
salt and then lemon juice to taste salt
and lemon juice are relate to taste so
I'm gonna start with a half a lemon and
see where that goes I bet I'll need more
but you never know you don't want to
overdo it right but this is a big salad
stir it up look at that hearty lunch
dinner I don't know breakfast I think
this is a platter worthy dish what about
you make sure you taste it in just for
seasoning to your liking if you want to
add a little bit of feta cheese to this
and make it unbeaten go ahead this
recipe makes plenty for tonight's dinner
and tomorrow's lunch so save some pack
it up and take it to the office and
watch everybody be super jealous where'd
you get the recipe Sara gave it to me
and let me tell you roasting the bulgur
really does make a difference
you can skip that step bicycles but why
bother I'm going to eat this whole
bladder healthy happy and hearty it's
fantastic Oh guys fantastic Oh
you